doc: Add Elsys ERS Lite (#1245)
TheThingsIndustries/lorawan-stack-docs: doc/content/devices/models/elsys-ers-lite/_index.md

---
title: "Elsys ERS Lite"
description: ""
weight: 
---

{{< figure src="elsys-ers-lite.png" alt="ELSYS ERS Lite" class="float plain" width="80%">}}

The [Elsys ERS Lite](https://www.elsys.se/en/ers-lite/) is an indoor environment sensor for measuring temperature and humidity.

<!--more-->

> ## Provisioning Information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Provisioning Information

```

The provisioning information, **DevEUI**, can be found on the back of the device. You can use all zeros as the **JoinEUI**. The **AppKey** can be generated within {{% tts %}}.

{{< figure src="elsys-ers-lite-back.png" alt="Elsys ERS Lite provisioning information" >}}

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> {{< note "Elsys ERS Lite doesn’t have a QR code that supports {{% tts %}} for extracting provisioning information." />}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< note "Elsys ERS Lite cannot be onboarded to {{% tts %}} using QR code." />}}
```
